python3 generate_code.py adventure
python3 generate_code.py aquafun
python3 generate_code.py artisan
python3 generate_code.py book_shop
python3 generate_code.py brush
python3 generate_code.py cyberpulse
python3 generate_code.py energy
python3 generate_code.py fitness
python3 generate_code.py fraudlens
python3 generate_code.py goal
python3 generate_code.py gratitude
python3 generate_code.py habit
python3 generate_code.py hr
python3 generate_code.py lumineux
python3 generate_code.py marketing
python3 generate_code.py mood
python3 generate_code.py nft
python3 generate_code.py pixel
python3 generate_code.py recipe
python3 generate_code.py retro_blog
python3 generate_code.py schedule
python3 generate_code.py shop
python3 generate_code.py steps_dashboard
python3 generate_code.py text_blog
python3 generate_code.py travel_blog
python3 generate_code.py web_blog
python3 generate_code.py wellness
